Add more preview2 content (#1)
mikekistler/aspnet-whats-new: README.md

```
<ItemGroup>
  <PackageReference Include="Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi" Version="10.0.0-preview.2.*" GeneratePathProperty="true" />
</ItemGroup>

<Target Name="DisableCompileTimeOpenApiXmlGenerator" BeforeTargets="CoreCompile">
  <ItemGroup>
    <Analyzer Remove="$(PkgMicrosoft_AspNetCore_OpenApi)/analyzers/dotnet/cs/Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.SourceGenerators.dll" />
  </ItemGroup>
</Target>
```

The source generator process XML files included in the `AdditionalFiles` property. To add (or remove), sources modify the property as follows:

```
<Target Name="AddXmlSources" BeforeTargets="CoreCompile">
  <ItemGroup>
    <AdditionalFiles Include="$(PkgSome_Package/lib/net10.0/Some.Package.xml" />
  </ItemGroup>
</Target>
```

## Upgrade to OpenAPI.NET v2.0.0-preview7

The OpenAPI.NET library used in ASP.NET Core OpenAPI document generation has been upgraded to v2.0.0-preview7. This version includes a number of bug fixes and improvements and also introduces some breaking changes. The breaking changes should only impact users that use document, operation, or schema transformers. Breaking changes in this iteration include the following:

> - Entities within the OpenAPI document, like operations and parameters, are typed as interfaces. Concrete implementationse exist for the inlined and referenced variants of an entity. For example, an `IOpenApiSchema` can be an inlined `OpenApiSchema` or an `OpenApiSchemaReference` that points to a schema referenced from elsewhere in the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Entities within the OpenAPI document, like operations and parameters, are typed as interfaces. Concrete implementations exist for the inlined and referenced variants of an entity. For example, an `IOpenApiSchema` can be an inlined `OpenApiSchema` or an `OpenApiSchemaReference` that points to a schema defined elsewhere in the document.
```
